Voice over Safari address select styled
with CSS heading level 1A.
Selects must identify its name, role,
and option state.
We start by letting the screenwriter read
on its own.
Then we'll interact with elements from
the top.
Manually select a NATO phonetic letter,
None pop up button.
Double tap to activate the picker.
Back to top of page in Page link select
styled with CSF selects must identify.
Select a NATO phonetic letter none Select
a NATO phonetic letter none Pop up button
none None Picker item adjust toolbar None
None Picker item adjustable None Picker
item adjustable one of not none picker
item adjustable.
Select a NATO Phonetic letter None None
Picker Item adjustable, One of five.
Swipe up or down with one finger to
adjust the value.
Broth Bravo toolbar Next Broth Bravo
Picker item adjustable Broth Bravo Picker
item adjustable 3BB Picker Item
adjustable Three of five Toolbar Done
Button Done.
Select a NATO Phonetic letter.
Voice Over, Off.